It was rather silly for John Adams to talk to you about the charges that might be made
public in Mr. Cohn.
I think we can all agree that the one I think is Mr. Wells' last is that I'm sure that
the regardless of how silly Mr. Wells thinks the activities of Mr. Adams were that they
have succeeded in falling off the investigation of communism, hummus infiltration for a period
now of all three and a half or a month at a minimum.
Isn't it right?
Yes sir, I have.
I have no head in Shiloh.
I like to talk.
So, Mr. Wells, we refer to Mr. Adams and Mr. Stephen Leffert as silly.
I think we should make it clear that Mr. Adams and Mr. Stephen Leffert were being drafted
by Mr. Clifford as well.
But there were very, very successful in their efforts to know there's no custom of that
as they are.
Well, Mr. Wells asks you for very much getting a bit fed up with certain efforts in the
part of the...
Which, Adam, there's some of the visuals.
Could I ask you for very much, you may not fairly fed up with the fact that we have spent
now about three and a half months investigating charges against Mr. Cohn which have been proven
to be completely false, but completely false.
Now you know, all that time we have been kept off our work of investigating draft corruption
communism in the government.
Yes sir.
There's one final question.
Is the express Mr. Fahd and Mrs. Mowl a brilliant talk show about 355, 255 on the 15th day of June,
1954, while our community should be exposing those who have betrayed us nation instead of
that, we are going through this still-lustening procedure which has started some three and a
half four months ago, keeping us from disposing to the American people sedanuous to this nation.
I think that's true.
Also, Mr. Fahd, Frank Fahd, we have a very limited amount of money for investigators.
We have been very, very cheerful with it.
The last of the day, a vast amount of that money is being spent, so vast amount of time
with the centers being spent, not investigating communism corruption draft, but rather continuing to investigate
charges that have been proven, I think, to the satisfaction of all of the American people to be completely false weeks ago.
I assume.
No further questions, Mr. Schumann?
Mr. Wolf, I'm interested in very-hat ten minutes.
Well, Mr. Kair, the hearing staff called off because the threats or the blackmail about private
sign work wasn't.
Well, not in any sense of the word, most of us.
Directing your attention again to this memorandum of December 9th, you say in that I made it clear I'm
reading about the middle of the second paragraph, I made it clear that as far as I was concerned, I don't personally
care what treatment they gave shine, and that as far as I was concerned, he was in the army.
Have you any doubt that that was the so-fremely correct attitude to take?
No, sir.
You know that exactly the correct attitude, don't you?
Yes or no, sir.
I'm going to ask you a question.
Yes or no?
Yes or no, sir.
And that once they shine when in the army the best thing that could have happened to him or your committee, or the army was that he should have been treated
precisely like every other private.
I think that's the problem with the best thing, yes or no.
Right.
And as you indicate in the later memorandum, it was indeed unfortunate that his work was not completed so
that he couldn't have gone in as simply as any ordinary poor boy.
Isn't that right?
Yes, sir.
I would like to direct your attention for a moment to the next memorandum which is number six, although you does not write it.
That is a memorandum to cone and to you from the cemetery.
It is dated December 17, 1953 and has to do with General Lawton.
Does that bring you back to your mind, sir?
Yes, sir.
First I want to ask you if it is not a fact that you were in New York on December 16th.
The day the cemetery says he dictated this memorandum.
Yes, sir.
You were at the hearing fair.
Yes.
And you were with Mr. Cohn and with the cemetery.
Yes, sir.
Now also I wish to ask you, isn't it a fact Mr. Cohn, that as early as November 24 and 25, this question of lawton and what was going to happen to him had come up when John Adams was in New York?
And that was the occasion on which the senator was approached about it by Adam.
One of the occasions.
And in which I think the testimony indicates that he made a very wrestling refusal to accept it on the part of the senator.
I don't remember the testimony, but I don't think the word wrestling was used, but the senator refused.
That's right, yes.
To keep quiet if something happened to Lawton.
And you remember there was that on the afternoon of the 25th of November that Adams telephoned this second.
This secretary in the presence of the senator and said that the senator was certainly going to make a stink about it.
If Lawton were relieved.
I recall that testimony.
Sir, I think there was testimony to that.
That's right.
And you knew and you were in New York at that time too.
The 25th?
Yes, sir.
Yes.
And you knew all about that going on.
No, I don't think I was there at the time of the song.
Well, I don't say that you just barely overhead.
I know of the song.
But you knew there was the practice of Lawton on November 24 and 25.
Right.
And that it was a full-fledged ruckus to use my word.
No.
You know, sir, I always say that there was a lot of talk about that time.
Right.
And it was a ruckus.
How are you?
I'll use your word, yes.
If you'd like something in your own, I don't need to shove it down your throat.
But that would be pretty descriptive, would it not?
Well, the only hesitation I have is that I would use the word ruckus for something more...
Something a little bigger than this.
Yeah, I think I really would too.
But what I'm trying to get in, I'm in trouble with reading.
Pointed sharp talk about it on the 24th at 20th.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Now, would you turn, sir, to number seven, which is a memorandum from you, Senator McCotter,
dated December 21, 1953?
This is a memorandum to which I've already drawn your attention and which has five paragraphs in it,
each one of which is substantial.
I think it's completely devoted to shine.
Is that correct, sir?
Yes, all the paragraphs are contained.
That's right.
They all have to do with Dave Shine.
Have you cleared up all his books?
Have you cleared up all his works before he left?
I haven't read the whole sentence, but that is certainly true, isn't it, Mr. Car?
Yes, sir.
And then you add, but under the circumstances, he could not.
And who's that presented here?
Can he keep clearing up all his works before he left?
Well, this, I believe, was a reference to the fact that there was some sort of arrangement
that he was going to clean up his work, or clean up some work during the two-week period after he went into the army, something to add effect.
Well, I don't think the circumstances you referring to.
I think it is.
I'm not sure at this point.
You might also have been referring to the fact that they knew from the first of July, or about July 8th, that he was going to go into the army.
No, I don't think so.
It is the fact that you know now, from sitting in this room, that he had most of July and August and September and October to clean up his work.
I know from sitting here that I know what testimony he had just...
And certainly, had he torn into it and cleaned it up.
As you say in simple English here, you would have been happier.
Yes, sir.
Now you're in excess.
So you're in excess.
As you know, I have, on many occasions, been pretty curt with Dave about the comp submission of Memoranda.
You read that sentence with me, did you sir?
Yes, sir.
I have on many occasions been pretty curt with Dave about the comp submission of Memoranda.
Does that mean to you?
Does that mean that there are on many occasions on which you have resting down because he weren't wasn't submitting Memoranda?
No sir, I don't think it means...
Well, it's up at the word curt for me.
What does it mean?
Do you mean you talk to him?
I think it means that I was curt with him about it.
Yes sir.
The only thing I, the only disagreement I had with the investor is, you say that on many occasions.
Well, I'm first I want to know what you did to him and maybe dressing down is too strong.
But when you use that word curt, that I have been pretty curt with him, what do you mean?
Well, I think an example would be on an occasion, Mr. Shine,
might tell me something at one of these hearings that we were conducting in New York.
Or Mr. Colme might tell me that Mr. Shine had some information at something and I would make an expression which I'm sure would be called a tubitive here.
So the fact that why hadn't he given the Memoranda more?
Right.
And you're afraid you said would have been the tip-webbed?
I think it would have been...
Well, they had been many such occasions, is that right?
They had been so many occasions.
And some of them in front of the Senator?
Perhaps, I'm not, I couldn't say that.
Well, they must have been because you say as you know I have on many occasions been pretty curt?
Well, he might smell without my doing in front of him.
Sir, he might know it without my doing in front of him.
Well, I understand he might do.
You mean you made a special point to go to the Senator and check about the fact that they didn't submit Memoranda?
No, sir. It's just...
Well, then did you...
Did you dress him down or be Kirk with him in the present for the Senator?
I may have.
And on many occasions?
Well, now you say there's two things.
I do say...
Who do you say many?
My hub on many occasions?
No, all I'm trying to say, sir, is that I may have done it in the present of the Senator.
I may have told the Senator about it or he may have learned about it some other way.
At this time...
No, no, no.
You say as you know, you must have known.
That's what I say.
I am.
No, I have not done it in this present, sir.
He did it in the past.
I might have said it.
You might have, didn't you?
Not necessarily.
He might have known it.
I might have told him.
Any further questions from the...
Senator, is this the table?
I like the one.
Send me the time.
Mr. Carr?
Yes.
Could you look at the testimony on page 6685?